# PRESALE.LIVE
Our pre-sale is live!  Start : the 10th aug 2021 End : 31st Aug 2021 Listing : 1st September 2021   Yield farming Wallet(YFW) is an open and fast blockchain. Our mainnet runs Binance Smart Chain applications with 2-second transaction finality and 100 times lower fees.  YFW’s secure bridges offer cross-chain asset transfers with Ethereum, Binance Smart chain and other chains. YFW serves as a platform for creators to connect with their community. Try our showcase below – an NFT marketplace with collectibles from hundreds of artists.  AutoBoost is a one of a kind function that has been built into our contract. Some are familiar with buy back tokens, our token is not just another buy back token. YFW AutoBoost function is built mathematically to do variable buybacks which adjust based on volume in order to maintain stability. AutoBoost will vary based on the transactions over the past 24 hours which will continue to adjust based on the volume. AutoBoost will buy back variable amounts every time a sale occurs with YFW token.This is a one of a kind function which is more powerful than just a standard buyback token.  Price: 1 BNB = 5B YFW Listing price : 1BNB = 2B YFW  MIN: 0.05 BNB bsc MAX: 10 BNB bsc  TO PARTICIPATE, SEND BNB  TO THE SMART CONTRACT ADDRESS.  You will receive tokens instantly  Smart contract address:  0x2a816D9A8C33c78A2f6d093f3A868F4Bdd958235  Contract address :  0x183a39d8d1B3ffFE176e09537485B49F3f48Cb45  Don't send on contract address,send on smart contract address  Hard cap:800 BNB  Soft cap: 1500 BNB  Token information : https://bscscan.com/address/0x183a39d8d1B3ffFE176e09537485B49F3f48Cb45  Roadmap  Q2 2021 :Launch Token  Launch Token contract creation ,distribution  of $ Presale which is automatically after buying.  Q3 2021  Pre-sale and wallet dev.  Q4 2021  Burn 25% before listing, Listing on pancake and DODO exchanges(the 1st September 2021)  Smart Rewards Launched  Wallet finalization.  NFT Marketplace &amp; Launchpad
